README.md, before:

# stock-trading-with-java-isc1128
Summary: This sample Java code is for course ISC1128 - Stock Trading with Java. 
For access to this course, register and login at learning.intersystems.com and then navigate to the course page: [Stock Trading with Java](https://learning.intersystems.com/course/view.php?name=Java%20Financial%20Play)

To run these sample solution files, download the files in this repo, compile the Java file you are interested in, and run the .class file.
For example:
```cd Solutions```

```javac jdbcplaystocksTask1.java ```

```java jdbcplaystocksTask1``` 
  
Each task corresponds with a step in the course. If you simply would like to view the resulting sample code, view the last task for each section.

### Contents
* JDBC Sample code - Connect your Java application to InterSystems IRIS using JDBC to store and retrieve data with SQL.
* XEP Sample code - Connect your Java application to InterSystems IRIS to store real-time objects.
* Native API Sample code - Connect your Java application to InterSystems IRIS to store data natively and use methods built within InterSystems IRIS.
* Multi-modal Sample code - Use JDBC, Native API, and XEP side-by-side to query data relationally, populate values using methods written within InterSystems IRIS, and store objects directly.
* Hibernate Sample code - Use the third-party tool, Hibernate, to do object relational mapping and interact with data in InterSystems IRIS.

Any and all code provided in these materials is provided solely for demonstrative and illustrative purposes and is not intended for use in production.

Commit message:

Update README - add to Java Project

README.md, after:

# stock-trading-with-java-isc1128
Summary: This sample Java code is for course ISC1128 - Stock Trading with Java. 
For access to this course, register and login at learning.intersystems.com and then navigate to the course page: [Stock Trading with Java](https://learning.intersystems.com/course/view.php?name=Java%20Financial%20Play)

To run these sample solution files, download the files in this repo, put the files in a Java Project with JDK 1.7 or 1.8, verify you have the InterSystems IRIS driver, compile the Java file you are interested in, and run the .class file.
For example:

```cd Solutions```

```javac jdbcplaystocksTask1.java ```

```java jdbcplaystocksTask1``` 
  
Each task corresponds with a step in the course. If you simply would like to view the resulting sample code, view the last task for each section.

### Contents
* JDBC Sample code - Connect your Java application to InterSystems IRIS using JDBC to store and retrieve data with SQL.
* XEP Sample code - Connect your Java application to InterSystems IRIS to store real-time objects.
* Native API Sample code - Connect your Java application to InterSystems IRIS to store data natively and use methods built within InterSystems IRIS.
* Multi-modal Sample code - Use JDBC, Native API, and XEP side-by-side to query data relationally, populate values using methods written within InterSystems IRIS, and store objects directly.
* Hibernate Sample code - Use the third-party tool, Hibernate, to do object relational mapping and interact with data in InterSystems IRIS.

Any and all code provided in these materials is provided solely for demonstrative and illustrative purposes and is not intended for use in production.
